feat: implement extensions and profiles (#16)
veraison/rust-ear: README.md

}
```

> # Extensions and Profiles

Reviewer: I am wondering whether using something more realistic than "my_profile" and "ext1" is better in code that has the quality of becoming "exemplary" ;-)

they have been registered, their values can be set and queried

```rust
use ear::{Ear, Appraisal, ExtensionKind, ExtensionValue};

let mut ear = Ear::new();
ear.extensions.register("ext1", -1, ExtensionKind::String).unwrap();

let mut appraisal = Appraisal::new();
// extensions for Ear's and Appraisal's have their own namespaces, so it is
// to use the same name/key in both.
appraisal.extensions.register("ext1", -1, ExtensionKind::Integer).unwrap();

ear.extensions.set_by_name(
    "ext1",
    ExtensionValue::String("foo".to_string()),
).unwrap();

appraisal.extensions.set_by_key(
    -1,
    ExtensionValue::Integer(42),
).unwrap();

ear.submods.insert("test".to_string(), appraisal);

assert_eq!(
   ear.extensions.get_by_key(&-1).unwrap(),
   ExtensionValue::String("foo".to_string()),
);

assert_eq!(
   ear.submods["test"].extensions.get_by_name("ext1").unwrap(),
   ExtensionValue::Integer(42),
);

```

Note: if you've obtained the `Ear` by deserializing from CBOR/JSON, `Extensions` struct
will cache any values for any unexpected fields, so that when you register extensions
afterwards, the corresponding unmarshaled values will be accessible.

## Using Profiles

> Sets of extenions can be associted together within `Profile`s. A `Profile` can be registed,
> and can then be retrieved by its `id` when creating a new `Ear` or `Appraisal`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets of extensions can be associated together within `Profile`s. A `Profile` can be registered,
and can then be retrieved by its `id` when creating a new `Ear` or `Appraisal`
```

```rust
use ear::{Ear, Appraisal, ExtensionKind, ExtensionValue, Profile, register_profile};

fn init_profile() {
    let mut profile = Profile::new("my_profile");

    profile.register_ear_extension("ext1", -1, ExtensionKind::String).unwrap();

>     profile.register_appraisal_extension("ext1", -1, ExtensionKind::Integer).unwrap();

Reviewer: IIUC the registered extensions can appear in _any_ of the appraisal submods, right?  If so, this should be made explicit to avoid surprises.
